:memo: Rework Custom certificates (#2771)
platformsh/platformsh-docs: docs/src/define-routes/https.md

    to: "https://{default}/"
```

All traffic to your domain is sent to your app. The `www` subdomain redirects to the default domain. This also includes redirecting requests from HTTP to HTTPS. It affects your [default domain](../define-routes/_index.md#default).

[See more example on routes configuration](../define-routes/_index.md).

## Using HTTP only

Platform.sh recommends using HTTPS requests for all sites exclusively (although both HTTP and HTTPS are supported).
Using only HTTPS provides better security and access to certain features that web browsers only permit over HTTPS such as HTTP/2 connections, which can greatly improve performance.

Although Platform.sh doesn't recommend it, you can redirect HTTPS requests to HTTP explicitly to serve the site over HTTP only.

> The use cases for this configuration are few.

Author: Hmmm, I could imagine valid uses cases for legacy apps (although it's an edge case and probably not a good thing at all to use only http), I would leave it there since we also still allow using very outdated frameworks and languages.
But either way is fine I suppose.

    to: "http://{default}/"
```

When you only define HTTP routes, duplicate HTTPS routes are created automatically.
This allows your site to be served from both HTTP and HTTPS without redirects.

## TLS configuration

Optionally, you can specify how secure TLS connections are handled via the `tls` route property.

```yaml {location=".platform/routes.yaml"}
https://{default}/:
    type: upstream
    upstream: app:http
    tls:
        # ...
```

> For troubleshooting SSL issues, see the [recommendations](../domains/troubleshoot.md#verify-ssl).

Reviewer: 🛠️ 

```suggestion
To solve SSL issues, see [how to verify your SSL certificate](../domains/troubleshoot.md#verify-ssl).
```

HTTP Strict Transport Security (HSTS) is a mechanism for telling browsers to use HTTPS exclusively with a particular website.
You can toggle it on for your site at the router level without having to touch your application, and configure its behavior from `routes.yaml`.

```yaml {location=".platform/routes.yaml"}
tls:
    strict_transport_security:
        enabled: true
        include_subdomains: true
        preload: true
```

The sub-properties of `strict_transport_security` are:

- `enabled`: Can be `true`, `false`, or `null`.
  Defaults to `null`.
  If `false`, the other properties are ignored.
- `include_subdomains`: Can be `true` or `false`.
  Defaults to `false`.
  If `true`, browsers are instructed to apply HSTS restrictions to all subdomains as well.
- `preload`: Can be `true` or `false`.
  Defaults to `false`.
  If `true`, Google and others may add your site to a lookup reference of sites that should only ever be connected to over HTTPS.
  Many, although not all, browsers consult this list before connecting to a site over HTTP and switch to HTTPS if instructed.

>   Although not part of the HSTS specification, it's supported by most browsers.

Author: Good point 🙏🏼

## Troubleshooting

> For easier troubleshooting, feel free to use [the certificate checker tool](https://certcheck.pltfrm.sh/).

Author: :bulb: It seemed more meaningful to move that part to the general troubleshooting for it to be easier to find and update.

Reviewer: Not necessarily opposed to this, but imho I believe it would be better to remove the **Troubleshooting** section then (since it's empty apart from that one link). Instead, I'd suggest adding a link to the general **Troubleshooting** section somewhere in the **TLS configuration** section.

Author: Okey yeah that makes sense, let me do that!
